Q:How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug 
that was introduced?

from a version that works, it helped looking at the line where it did not,
and focusing to the line where changes had been introduced so much quicker
to spot errors

Q:How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

By making cumulative updates and saving them, we can revert to the step-1 
position should we do something wrong in the next coding iteration. Or step-n
if we have radically changed many things and do not work, that´s why it is 
important to have not just previous version but an arbitrary number of previous
versions

Q:What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
Docs does?

The main advantage is the flexibility that this offers, if the coder is smart
enough there will be a good compromise between number of commitments and 
rate of change of each of these commits.  The drawback is that is a manual 
process subject to human behaviour and therefore prone to forgets, bad behaviour
etc.

Q:Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving 
multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file 
separately?

Because every tool is designed with some uses in mind.  Google Docs is not 
designed to code with it, but rather to collaborate on standard docs, so the
links between files are less evident and the need to control versions of 
multiple files very limited or non-existent.

q: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of 
files?

git log is a must to start looking into the version control, it will give us 
all the previous versions that have been committed in git, with a long id and 
some details of when has happened.  It present the info from newer to older. Then
we can use git diff to find differences between one version and the contiguous
one, using the commit IDs.  Instructors have used the following format: 
git diff old_commit new_commit

the git command 
git config --global color.ui auto 
has been used to assignautomatic colors to the differences in files, (green for 
additions, red for deletions), although my ubuntu version already had this.

Previuosly we have seen the concept of "repository", which is the group of files
where we apply version control, and all the relevant tracked commits on them
We can copy a repository using git clone
example: git clone https://github.com/udacity/asteroids.git

Q: How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

It is clearly a huge tool to control production in a progressive way.  Once a 
feature has been added and it works, make the commit, and there is a good 
stepping stone to continue adding further features.  If some bug appear, we
can retrace back to a position were the bug was not there and using the magic
of git diff understand where the issue is. Perfect! :)

Q: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git 
for?

For every piece of code that I am going to start to generate from now on! oh 
wait! I need to ensure I understand version control better to use it but this
tool is absolutely fan-tas-tic!!